Added subprojects updates, developer news and misc. PRs for 09/03 issue (#224)
kubernetes-sigs/lwkd: _posts/2023-09-03-update.md

## Developer News

> The Kubernetes legacy Linux package repositories, `apt.kubernetes.io` and `yum.kubernetes.io` [have been deprecated and will be freezed on September 13, 2023](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/08/31/legacy-package-repository-deprecation/). The new Kubernetes community owned package repository would be available at `pkgs.k8s.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes legacy Linux package repositories, `apt.kubernetes.io` and `yum.kubernetes.io` [have been deprecated and will be freezed on September 13, 2023](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/08/31/legacy-package-repository-deprecation/). The new [Kubernetes community-owned package repository](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/08/15/pkgs-k8s-io-introduction/) are available at `pkgs.k8s.io`.
```

> The Kubernetes legacy Linux package repositories, `apt.kubernetes.io` and `yum.kubernetes.io` [have been deprecated and will be freezed on September 13, 2023](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/08/31/legacy-package-repository-deprecation/). The new [Kubernetes community-owned package repository](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/08/15/pkgs-k8s-io-introduction/) are available at `pkgs.k8s.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes legacy Linux package repositories, `apt.kubernetes.io` and `yum.kubernetes.io` [have been deprecated and will be frozen on September 13, 2023](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/08/31/legacy-package-repository-deprecation/). The new [Kubernetes community-owned package repository](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/08/15/pkgs-k8s-io-introduction/) are available at `pkgs.k8s.io`.
```
